<h3:ReferenceVideo id="onetake-check" duration="12" resolution="768P" aspect-ratio="9:16">
integrated_multimodal_description: Live-action documentary drama in a playful low pet-camera style, vertical framing, natural daylight. This 12-second video contains exactly four consecutive shots joined by immediate hard cuts, no fades or dissolves. Pacing is tight and brisk: the first line starts within the first quarter second, every speaker begins speaking immediately after the previous speaker's last word and immediately after each cut, gaps between lines stay under a quarter second, no pause exceeds a third of a second, and the final line ends right at the last moment of the video, with no trailing silence. The camera stays low, near the ground at a small dog's eye level, wide angle, and every person's full body from head to toe is fully visible whenever they appear. Cast: exactly three people and exactly one dog in the whole video — a young Chinese delivery rider (28) in a yellow jacket and black helmet, a 50-year-old Chinese man in dark blue work clothes matching the second reference image, a 45-year-old Chinese woman in a beige cardigan matching the third reference image, and one small beige bichon frise dog matching the first reference image; every one of them appears EXACTLY ONCE per shot — never duplicate, clone, mirror, split or twin any person or the dog into a second figure anywhere in the frame (foreground, background, edge, doorway, glass or blur); no extra bystanders, no stand-ins. The silver-grey lightweight electric wheelchair always keeps its exact look from the FOURTH, FIFTH and SIXTH reference images: its silver-grey metal frame, black seat, four wheels and the distinctive RED shock-absorbing springs on the frame are clearly visible whenever it is on screen, and its own brand lettering stays exactly as in the reference image. When folded, it stands upright on the ground as a compact vertical column resting on its large rear wheel and small anti-tip caster — never laid flat on its side, never floats in mid-air and never turns into a bicycle, scooter, motorcycle or any other vehicle; when unfolded, its four small wheels, seat frame and armrests are clearly visible. It is an electric wheelchair, never a plain manual wheelchair.

[Shot 1, 0 to 3 seconds] Low wide shot from a dog's eye level inside a doorway of a residential compound, looking out at the entrance. A young delivery rider in a yellow jacket and black helmet sets down one large cardboard box on the ground, straightens up and stares at it, completely dumbfounded, mouth closed, scratching the back of his head; the small beige bichon frise dog stands inside the doorway looking up at the box. The 50-year-old man (S1) in dark blue work clothes stands at the doorway beside them, looking at the rider with an amused smile, and says in a warm, amused tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 快递小哥盯着这箱子，彻底傻了。</d> Only (S1) speaks in this shot; the rider's mouth stays closed and he does not speak; the dog makes no sound.

[Shot 2, 3 to 6 seconds] Hard cut to the same doorway from a low wide angle: the 50-year-old man (S1), whose face, hair and dark blue work clothes exactly match the second reference image, cuts open the box and lifts out a folded electric wheelchair; he unfolds it on the ground — its four small wheels settle down and the seat frame locks into place; the silver-grey frame with its red shock-absorbing springs faces the camera. The rider leans in, eyes wide, mouth closed, then takes out his phone and snaps a photo; the dog steps closer and sniffs the frame. The man (S1) says in a proud, playful tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 小哥感叹，他也想给他妈买一个。</d> Only (S1) speaks in this shot; the rider and the dog keep their mouths closed and never move them.

[Shot 3, 6 to 9 seconds] Hard cut to a low wide shot at the doorway, next to a small suitcase standing on the ground: the 50-year-old man (S1) in dark blue work clothes, whose face, hair and clothes exactly match the second reference image, stands right beside the unfolded wheelchair with one hand on its handlebar, and says in a cheerful, bragging tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 这车厉害了，上飞机都免费托运。</d> The bichon frise dog has climbed onto the silver-grey electric wheelchair with its red shock springs and now sits on its seat with its tail wagging, looking straight into the camera; the rider stands a little farther back, mouth closed, and gives a big thumbs-up. Only (S1) speaks in this shot; the rider and the dog keep their mouths closed and never move them.

[Shot 4, 9 to 12 seconds] Hard cut to a low wide shot at the same spot: the 45-year-old woman (S2), whose face, hair and beige cardigan exactly match the third reference image, walks over, bends down and scoops the dog up into her arms, smiling; the unfolded wheelchair stands beside them and the rider watches from a step behind, smiling with his mouth completely closed. The woman (S2) says in a warm, amused scolding tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 哎，快下来！这就是爱优护轻便侠。</d> She finishes the line right before the video ends. The rider stays silent; his lips remain completely closed.

Only one person speaks at a time in this exact order — (S1) in shots 1, 2 and 3, (S2) in shot 4; every speaker is fully visible on screen while speaking. The dialogue must be spoken verbatim, no overlap, no extra words, no omissions, no repetition, no interruption, no invented lines. No on-screen text or subtitles anywhere in frame; the spoken dialogue is audio only, never visualized as text.

overall_soundscape: Quiet residential compound ambience, light breeze, a soft cardboard thud as the box is set down, a light mechanical click as the wheelchair frame unfolds, one happy little dog pant, and a friendly camera-shutter click. Voices clear and natural outdoors.

non_diegetic_music: N/A

Hard constraints: render no watermarks, subtitles, captions, floating text, letters, numbers, stickers, price tags, platform logos, UI elements or QR codes anywhere in frame; keep the product's own brand lettering exactly as it appears in the reference image; the electric wheelchair must never turn into a bicycle, scooter or motorcycle; no background music; everyone keeps complete visual consistency with the reference images throughout; the four shots are joined by immediate hard cuts with no fades or dissolves.
