<h3:ReferenceVideo id="onetake-check" duration="15" resolution="768P" aspect-ratio="9:16">
integrated_multimodal_description: Live-action documentary drama, vertical framing, natural daylight. This 15-second video contains exactly four consecutive shots joined by immediate hard cuts, no fades or dissolves. Pacing is tight and brisk: the first line starts within the first quarter second, every speaker begins speaking immediately after the previous speaker's last word and immediately after each cut, gaps between lines stay under a quarter second, no pause exceeds a third of a second, and the final line ends right at the last moment of the video, with no trailing silence. The camera stays wide in every shot: every person's full body from head to toe fully visible with the environment around, each figure occupying roughly half of the frame height. The same 45-year-old Chinese man (S1) in a black jacket and blue jeans and the same 68-year-old Chinese woman (S2) with short silver-grey hair in a plum-red fleece jacket appear across the shots, keeping their exact faces, hairstyles and clothing from the reference images. Their two voices are clearly distinct from each other: the man (S1) speaks in a low-pitched, warm masculine voice, and the woman (S2) speaks in a soft, higher-pitched elderly feminine voice; each of them keeps the same individual voice in every shot they speak in. Cast: exactly two people in the whole video; shot 1 shows the woman only, shot 2 shows both, shot 3 shows the woman only, shot 4 shows both; each person appears EXACTLY ONCE in every shot — never duplicate, clone, mirror, split or twin any person into a second figure anywhere in the frame (foreground, background, edge, doorway, glass or blur); no extra bystanders, no stand-ins. The silver-grey lightweight electric wheelchair always keeps its exact form from the reference images: when unfolded, its four small wheels, seat frame and armrests are clearly visible; when folded, it stands upright on the ground as a compact vertical column resting on its large rear wheel and small anti-tip caster, exactly like the folded reference image — the folded wheelchair is never laid flat on its side, never floats in mid-air and never turns into a bicycle, scooter, motorcycle or any other vehicle.

[Shot 1, 0 to 4 seconds] Wide shot from a slightly high angle over the open trunk of a parked car at a quiet residential compound: the trunk is packed full with luggage and vegetables, a wicker basket of fresh eggs resting on top. The woman (S2) stands beside the trunk frowning at a brand-new folded electric wheelchair that stands upright on the ground, exactly as it came out of its box; she pushes the folded frame with one hand as if trying to shove it back in, and complains in an annoyed, grumbling tone at a slightly brisk pace (clear articulation, a bit faster than natural): <d>[Chinese] 哎哟又乱花钱，这新车明儿赶紧给我退了去。</d> She finishes the line right before the shot ends.

[Shot 2, 4 to 7.5 seconds] Hard cut to a wide eye-level view of the same spot: the man (S1) sets the egg basket carefully onto the footrest of the folded wheelchair standing upright on the ground, then unfolds the frame — its four small wheels settle onto the ground and the seat frame locks into place — and helps the woman (S2) sit down on the seat. He pats the handlebar and says in a confident, coaxing tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 退啥呀？妈您先坐上去，遛一圈再试试。</d> He finishes the line right before the shot ends.

[Shot 3, 7.5 to 11.5 seconds] Hard cut to a wide low-angle tracking shot: the wheelchair with the woman (S2) in it and the egg basket on its footrest rolls over a speed bump; the basket does not shake or tip at all. The woman looks down at the intact eggs and says in sudden surprise at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 哎？车碾过减速带，这筐鸡蛋咋一个都没碎呀？</d> She finishes the line right before the shot ends, her frown relaxing as she speaks.

[Shot 4, 11.5 to 15 seconds] Hard cut to a wide shot of the trunk being closed: the folded wheelchair stands upright in the last remaining corner of the packed trunk, everything still fits, and the lid closes with the eggs intact. The man (S1) smiles and says with a satisfied, warm tone at a slightly brisk pace: <d>[Chinese] 全靠这十八股减震呢，爱优护轻便侠。</d> The woman (S2) reaches out and pats the handlebar, smiling back. He finishes the line right before the video ends.

Only one person speaks at a time in this exact order — (S2) in shot 1, (S1) in shot 2, (S2) in shot 3, (S1) in shot 4; whoever is not speaking at that moment keeps their lips completely closed and never moves their mouth; the dialogue must be spoken verbatim, no overlap, no extra words, no omissions, no repetition, no interruption, no invented lines. No on-screen text or subtitles anywhere in frame; the spoken dialogue is audio only, never visualized as text.

overall_soundscape: Quiet residential compound ambience, light breeze, faint distant birds, a soft click when the trunk lid closes, a gentle rattle of the wicker basket settling, the low hum of the wheelchair motor. Voices clear and natural outdoors.

non_diegetic_music: N/A

Hard constraints: render no watermarks, subtitles, captions, floating text, letters, numbers, stickers, price tags, platform logos, UI elements or QR codes anywhere in frame; keep the product's own brand lettering exactly as it appears in the reference image; the electric wheelchair must never turn into a bicycle, scooter or motorcycle; no background music; everyone keeps complete visual consistency with the reference images throughout; the four shots are joined by immediate hard cuts with no fades or dissolves.
